FRAPPE SETUP COMMAND

sudo apt-get update -y
	Sudo superuser (administrator) privileges
	Updates the list of available packages and their versions
sudo apt-get upgrade -y
	Apt-get It provides a simple way to install, update, and remove packages.
	Upgrades all the installed packages to the latest versions available

Install Required Packages

sudo apt-get install git
sudo apt-get install python3-dev python3.10-dev python3-setuptools python3-pip python3-distutils
	The packages being installed are:
python3-dev: Contains the header files and a static library for Python 3. It is necessary for building Python modules and extensions.
python3.10-dev: Contains the header files and a static library specifically for Python 3.10. It is similar to python3-dev but targets Python 3.10.
python3-setuptools: A package that helps in easily downloading, building, installing, upgrading, and uninstalling Python packages.
python3-pip: The package installer for Python 3. It allows you to install and manage additional packages that are not part of the Python standard library.
python3-distutils: Contains the distutils module for Python 3, which is a standard utility for distributing Python modules.
sudo apt-get install python3.10-venv
	Install python 3 Virtual Environment					
sudo apt-get install software-properties-common
	useful for adding new software repositories
sudo apt install mariadb-server mariadb-client
mariadb-server: The package that contains the MariaDB server software, which is a popular open-source relational database management system.
mariadb-client: The package that contains the MariaDB client software, which is used to connect to and interact with the MariaDB server.
sudo apt-get install redis-server
redis-server: The package that contains the Redis server software, which is an in-memory data structure store used as a database, cache, and message broker

sudo apt-get install xvfb libfontconfig wkhtmltopdf
	xvfb  X Virtual FrameBuffer It's useful for running graphical applications on servers without a display.

sudo apt-get install libmysqlclient-dev
libmysqlclient-dev: The package that contains the development files (headers and libraries) required to compile applications that use MySQL.






CONFIGURE SQL SERVER:
sudo mysql_secure_installation
(After the above command there will be some Yes or No question --Refer docs)

sudo nano /etc/mysql/my.cnf
	Nano- Command line text editor to edit the configuration file
sudo service mysql restart
sudo apt install curl
	Crul data exchange between a device and a server through a terminal

curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/creationix/nvm/master/install.sh | bash
source ~/.profile
nvm install 18

sudo apt-get install npm
sudo npm install -g yarn
	Yarn is a JavaScript package manager for Node. js
sudo pip3 install frappe-bench
	Pip3 used to install python packages, without pip3 can’t install python
# Upto the above command first time execution is enough


bench init --frappe-branch version-15 frappebench1(your bench name)
cd frappebench1

bench new-site siddsite

Install ERPNext and other Apps:

bench get-app paymentss
bench get-app --branch version-15 erpnext
bench get-app hrms
bench --site siddsite install-app erpnext
bench --site siddsite install-app hrms #HR

bench use siddsite
bench --site siddsite add-to-hosts
